README.md, before:

## Harvester on Equinix

Simple example using the terraform equinix provider to create a multi node harvester cluster.

The user needs to provide two environment variables:

`METAL_AUTH_TOKEN` API token to access your Equinix account

`TF_VAR_api_key` API token to access your Equinix account (needed when Spot Market is enabled)

`TF_VAR_project_name` or `TF_VAR_project_id` Terraform variable to identify project in your Equinix account.

Optionally the user can also provide:

`TF_VAR_metal_create_project` Terraform variable to create a project of name `TF_VAR_project_name` if it does not exist.

You can overwrite any values in `variables.tf` by using `.tfvars` files or [other means](https://www.terraform.io/language/values/variables#assigning-values-to-root-module-variables)

By default the module will create a 3 node Harvester cluster.

The Harvester console can be accessed using an Elastic IP created by the sample.

A random token and password will be generated for your example.

```sh
terraform output -raw harvester_os_password
terraform output -raw harvester_cluster_secret
```

If you provide a Rancher API URL and keys, your Harvester environment can be managed by Rancher and a kubeconfig file will be saved locally.

### Using `terraform.tfvars.example` to Override Variable Values

You can use the `terraform.tfvars.example` file to override the default values in `variables.tf`. To do this, rename the example File from `terraform.tfvars.example` to `terraform.tfvars`.

Commit message:

chore: generate and maintain in-repo module documentation
The generate-terraform-docs workflow will use the terraform-docs/gh-actions action to generate Terraform documentation based on the module's provider requirements, variables, and outputs.

The peter-evans/create-pull-request action will open new pull requests to ensure that the README.md of each module, including the root module, includes this generated content and that the content stays up to date as changes are made to the project.

Signed-off-by: Marques Johansson <mjohansson@equinix.com>

README.md, after:

## Harvester on Equinix

This project demonstrates using the [Terraform Equinix provider](https://deploy.equinix.com/labs/terraform-provider-equinix/) to create a multi-node Harvester cluster.

The user needs to provide three environment variables:

* `METAL_AUTH_TOKEN`: API token to access your Equinix account through the Terraform Provider
* `TF_VAR_api_key`: API token to access your Equinix Metal account through the http Provider (needed only for Spot Market pricing)
* `TF_VAR_project_id`: Terraform variable to identify the project in your Equinix account
  
   Alternatively, the user can provide:
   `TF_VAR_metal_create_project`: create a project named `TF_VAR_project_name` if it does not exist

You can overwrite any values in `variables.tf` by using `.tfvars` files or [other means](https://www.terraform.io/language/values/variables#assigning-values-to-root-module-variables)

By default, the module will create a 3-node Harvester cluster.

The Harvester console can be accessed using an Elastic IP created by the sample.

A random token and password will be generated for your example.

```sh
terraform output -raw harvester_os_password
terraform output -raw harvester_cluster_secret
```

If you provide a Rancher API URL and keys, Rancher can manage your Harvester environment, and a `kubeconfig` file will be saved locally.

### Using `terraform.tfvars.example` to Override Variable Values

You can use the `terraform.tfvars.example` file to override the default values in `variables.tf`. To do this, rename the example File from `terraform.tfvars.example` to `terraform.tfvars`.
